c:\users\neko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Padaria\Padaria\bin\Debug\Padaria.exe.config
c:\users\neko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Padaria\Padaria\bin\Debug\Padaria.exe
c:\users\neko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Padaria\Padaria\bin\Debug\Padaria.pdb
c:\users\neko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Padaria\Padaria\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\neko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Padaria\Padaria\obj\Debug\Padaria.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\neko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Padaria\Padaria\obj\Debug\Padaria.LoginForm.resources
c:\users\neko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Padaria\Padaria\obj\Debug\Padaria.MainForm.resources
c:\users\neko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Padaria\Padaria\obj\Debug\Padaria.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\neko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Padaria\Padaria\obj\Debug\Padaria.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
c:\users\neko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Padaria\Padaria\obj\Debug\Padaria.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\neko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Padaria\Padaria\obj\Debug\Padaria.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\users\neko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Padaria\Padaria\obj\Debug\Padaria.exe
c:\users\neko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Padaria\Padaria\obj\Debug\Padaria.pdb
c:\users\neko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Padaria\Padaria\obj\Debug\Padaria.UserForm.resources
C:\Padaria\Padaria\bin\Debug\Padaria.exe.config
C:\Padaria\Padaria\bin\Debug\Padaria.exe
C:\Padaria\Padaria\bin\Debug\Padaria.pdb
C:\Padaria\Padaria\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Padaria\Padaria\obj\Debug\Padaria.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Padaria\Padaria\obj\Debug\Padaria.LoginForm.resources
C:\Padaria\Padaria\obj\Debug\Padaria.MainForm.resources
C:\Padaria\Padaria\obj\Debug\Padaria.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Padaria\Padaria\obj\Debug\Padaria.UserForm.resources
C:\Padaria\Padaria\obj\Debug\Padaria.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Padaria\Padaria\obj\Debug\Padaria.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Padaria\Padaria\obj\Debug\Padaria.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Padaria\Padaria\obj\Debug\Padaria.exe
C:\Padaria\Padaria\obj\Debug\Padaria.pdb
C:\Users\Neko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Padaria\Padaria\obj\Debug\Padaria.CadProdForm.resources
C:\Users\Neko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Padaria\Padaria\obj\Debug\Padaria.EstoqueForm.resources
C:\Users\Neko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Padaria\Padaria\bin\Debug\Padaria.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Neko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Padaria\Padaria\bin\Debug\Padaria.application
C:\Users\Neko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Padaria\Padaria\obj\Debug\Padaria.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Neko\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Padaria\Padaria\obj\Debug\Padaria.application
C:\Padaria\Padaria\bin\Debug\Padaria.exe.manifest
C:\Padaria\Padaria\bin\Debug\Padaria.application
C:\Padaria\Padaria\obj\Debug\Padaria.CadProdForm.resources
C:\Padaria\Padaria\obj\Debug\Padaria.EstoqueForm.resources
C:\Padaria\Padaria\obj\Debug\Padaria.exe.manifest
C:\Padaria\Padaria\obj\Debug\Padaria.application
